the lazy fox jumped over the brown dog
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Let's cross the bridge.
My older sister looks like my mom.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
Let me help you with your baggage.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Can I get you something to drink?
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I love Kimchi more than anything else.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Is it possible to go to Japan and get back in a day?
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
He drank life before spitting it out.
They offer various services.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
Two seats were vacant.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
Please come in.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Don’t put your hand in your pocket.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
The book is in front of the table.